what's up guys welcome to inspire to
cook today I'm going to show you how to
make it perfect grilled cheese sandwich
it's gonna be cheese delicious and you
can easily do it at home let's do it all
you're gonna need for this is a little
bit of butter cheese of course and I'm
gonna use the white bread you can use
the bread of your choice
of course we need extra pan to fry the
flipping things you flip it with and I'm
gonna use a little bit of mayonnaise I'm
actually gonna use the homemade mean is
I'm gonna use the homemade man as we've
done in the previous video you can check
it out the link in the description and
I'm gonna switch it up to medium
medium-high all right then I'm gonna
grab my cheap pieces of bread and put my
mayonnaise on top of it just a little
bit and we're gonna apply mayonnaise on
one surface of each piece of bread and
we're gonna go to him then we're gonna
kind of smooth it on butter and throw it
on our pan make sure it's hot so it
starts melting right away we're gonna
give our first piece of bread and put it
with the mainland side down on the pin
and looking at through about four pieces
of cheese on our bread you can put
sticks depending on how much you like it
and we're gonna cover it up with our
other piece of bread with the mayonnaise
to make sure you actually keep the heat
on medium to medium low when you have
the sandwich on the pan as it actually
helps the cheese melt proportionally
before the bread starts frying too much
and I let it fry for a little while
until one side of bread actual grew a
little bit and get a bit of a collar on
the one side the beauty of this recipe
is very simple you can do it in any
weather you don't have to go outside to
really so why not okay once that looks
like it's about to be done so we're
gonna pick it up and flip it
and if you didn't grill it enough a
month we can come back to it and Grill
it and flip it again so we know that we
need to hold it a little bit longer
hmm you can smell the cheese delicious
sandwich gathers that looks like it's
completely ready so I'll flip it then
we're going to let it sit for another
side to make it as Brahma all right it
looks like the thin which is ready we're
gonna put in out in let it rest for low
and I'm gonna cut it along to make it
look a bit nicer and to make it easier
to eat waiting in four pieces to make
sure it's easy comfortable to you and
you keep your cheese is actually all
nice and melted
she's delicious the bread is crunchy the
cheese is nothing hot whoo-hoo I hope
you guys enjoyed this video don't forget
to subscribe
try to make this switch at home and let
me know in comments below what you think
she's out I do